kidney we're on our way back home from
her back to marysville from from arco
arena where we just saw the EOC press
conference and is pretty cool actually i
got to rent it to tim sylvia and Georges
st. Pierre in the bathroom which is kind
of cool and I had to tell them the story
about the guys that corner bar asking me
if I was gay while peeing that was odd
to still be actually wait for me to
finish using the toilet I expect him to
just lift me encanto me out of the way
and use it itself Enda mr. sudhir of
fluids noses and then tried to shake a
dude's hand it was culture clash against
the at lunch was pretty underwhelming
and that's how all catered margaritas
and lunch it was like a little food oh
yes everything so I probably would eat
more but uh you know as whenever it's
free and eat a lot so they have about as
much so it amazed at home Thanksgiving
anyway so we're heading back and
tomorrow we got the the way in that I
Spike Lee I don't have any prediction I
predict
you sleep here we go background and viet
decision for you still be a month and i
predict will be knocked out myself is in
the second round late i'm going to go
with the sylvia the first round knockout
and as she predicted and i think i
should want to go with hughes in cuse
gonna is gonna who's going to mountain
town or counting the guard actually and
I give him a technical knockout in the
third or fourth so that's what I've been
with anyway we'll see ok I am